---
layout: layout
title: "Privacy Policy"
description: ""
---

## Our Policy for Protecting Your Online Privacy

This website and our apps use Google Analytics to help analyze how users interact with software that we make. The tool uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website or app (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ us of the webiste and to compile statistical reports on activity for 12nines.

We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.

## Further Information about Cookies

The Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) is an industry body that develops standards and guidelines to support online buisness processes. It has produced a series of web pages that explain how cookies work and how they can be managed.

If you have questions concerning our privacy policy, please use our contact details to discuss them.
